
##  v2017.1 - January

A smaller release with a few usability improvements and a number of bug fixes.

### Changes ###
- Account page now has an "Undo" button that allows you to undo all account-level changes performed in the current session.
- Asset allocation:  Rejecting an offer now accurately removes the "Offer" flag from any Assets affected.
- Ability to create a "Renewal Order", which allows you to effectively perform a renewal run for an individual Account.  It allows you to select any tariffs
associated with any Boat on their Account and generates an Order with the right quantities etc.  This is found under the "Tools" dropdown on the Account page.
- When looking at Asset availability within the Order page, any Temporary Releases are now respected.  For example, if someone releases their Asset to Visitors for a week in July
and a person is Visiting during July, the affected Asset will appear as available.  Will only show as available if the start and end date of the Visiting person's Occupancy is within the 
Release.
- Licencing/Clear Licencing has been completely overhauled and standardised wherever you do this action (i.e. via Asset page or Boat page):
	- Licencing - you have the option to remove them from any waiting lists they are on, remove them from any other Assets they are licenced on, and create an Occupancy so 
	the Occupancy Calendar is easy to keep up to date.
	- Licence Clearing - you are prompted whether you wish to add them to any waiting lists.
- New **Clone Order** feature.  Often it's easier to Clone an existing Order rather than have to create it from scratch multiple times.  This is available both in the toolbar on the Order 
page and also in the Action dropdown against each Order in an Account's Order List.
- Account Portal now supports showing what Waiting List the Account is on.  It shows each list, what position they are in the list, when they joined.  It also shows the total number of 
people on the list, and the oldest application date.  These give the Account context about how much longer they can expect to be waiting.  This is optional and needs to be enabled if you need it to be shown let us know.
 - Payment Allocation is now smarter if you want to allocate an arbitrary amount.  If you enter a specific value into the "Amount" field, it will only allocate
 this amount against other orders - previously it was very cumbersome/buggy when doing this.
 - Date pickers now appear against occupancies within the Order page for ease of use for Tablet users.
 - Tariff selection page rebuilt to be much quicker.
 - Payment allocations deletion is now clearer to the end-user.

