# 2017.2

## v2017.2 SP2 - July

Minor update to improve refund / order management and give better visiblity of Visitor information.

**Refund / Order Management tooling:**

* Administrative Users can now revert a _Confirmed_ Order to _Draft_.  They must belong to a Role with the _FinancialCanEditTaxPointDate_ permission & all allocated payments must be removed before this can take place.
* Refunds Management has been improved - NB: These are only available to users belonging to a Role with the _FinancialCanRefund_ permission.
  * You can now Delete a Refund.  If this refund was just from a payment with an available amount, the Payment's Available Amount is adjusted accordingly.  If the refund was generated from an Order, the corresponding negative Credit Note is also removed.
  * You can now partially refund an Order.  When selecting the Items to refund, you can select the amount to refund, rather than having to refund the entire line item.    

**Other Changes**

* On the Asset List page, releases are visible regardless of date selected, so you can always see when the release ends.
* Added new tick-box to the Order page asset tiles for "Only show empty", which defaults to ticked.  When ticked, only Assets that are either truly empty or released will appear.  When unticked, it will show all \(but still filter based on vessel size\).
* New "Current Occupants" report.
* The "Search all my sites" tick-box is now hidden if you only have 1 site.
* Search drop-down is wider with clearer separation between entries.
* Occupancies are deleted when an Account is deleted.
* Previous occupancies are now departed when a renewal run is performed.
* New "AdministrationFaults" permission which is needed to delete a fault.
* Order refunds can't exceed original order value.
* Refund deletion can only be done on Refunds placed since feature was implemented to avoid us having to manually adjust available amount.
* Negative payments no longer allowed.  User is prompted that this the case, and to issue a refund.
* New "Deleted payments" report.
* Removed "Order Type" filtering from _Sales Details Combined_ and _Sales Details Combined - Tabular_ reports.  Filtering by Order Type causes Credit Notes to be excluded and gives misleading totals.

**Bug Fixes**

* Variety of Reporting fixes + improvements in filtering.
* Quantity overrides on line items now only take place if the value has changed; previously even if you accidentally clicked into quantity edit box of a line item but didn't change the value, it would mark it as overridden meaning any changes to dates etc would have no effect.
* LoaPerWeek Tariffs can now be credited accurately.
* Portal address disabling bug fixed.
* Changes to address via portal now reflected in Accounts' Address History.

## v2017.2 SP1 - May

Minor update to this version based on customer feedback:

* Tiles and Asset Search Pages allow you to query who's on Assets between 2 dates, including only showing those that are unoccupied.  This helps when a customer asks "Do you have anywhere I can stay between these 2 dates?".
* On the Asset Search page, when a new Occupancy is created when the start and end date filter is selected, the new Occupancy defaults to that Arrive/Depart date.
* Tiles view now shows the Occupancy Type against each customer name.
* The Tiles view in the Order page also shows thumbnails of Occupancy types on each Asset, so you can quickly see if it's being occupied by visitor/seasonal customer.

## v2017.2 - April

A significant release primarily aimed at improving reporting capability and modifying Visitor departure logic.

## Reporting Platform \#\#

We have built a new reporting platform from the ground up which brings:

* New suite of reports, professionally branded & laid out.
* All reports can be exported to Export to PDF, Excel & Word.
* Ability to restrict reports to specific roles.  NB: By default, all reports are visible to all as previously; let us know if you wish any restrictions to be added.
* There will be more documentation to follow, but it should be reasonably straightforward to use.
* NB: All existing reports still work, they can be found at the bottom of the reporting page under _Legacy Reports_.

## Visitor Departure \#\#

We have changed the way Visitors leaving the Marina/Harbour are handled. Previously, when we captured a Departure Date upon Visitor arrival, HA _assumed_ that they would leave on-time. After listening to feedback from customers it became apparent that this could lead to Visitors disappearing off the radar, and Overstays & associated revenue being missed.

More documentation on Visitors Processes to follow, but in a nutshell these changes involve:

* Visitor Occupancies must now be "Departed".
* "Visitor Tools" now renamed to "Visitor Depart".
* Within the Visitor Depart page, you will see all Visitor occupancies who have not yet been marked as Departed.  When you click on the Depart button, the following will happen:
  * If the Order is _Unpaid_ and they should have left today or later \(i.e. they are behaving and are just paying for their order\), the user is taken straight to the _Take Payment_ page.
  * If the Order is _Unpaid_ and they should have left previously \(i.e. they are an **Overstay**\), the user is navigated to the Order page & if there are any duration-based tariffs in the Order, prompted whether to bring their departure date to today.  This will adjust any duration-based tariffs automatically.
  * If the Order is _Confirmed_ \(paid or unpaid\) and they are an Overstay.  The user is prompted whether they wish to create a new Order which will clone the previous Order, apply the same tariffs & set the Occupancy dates to start from when they were supposed to Depart to today.  The user can just opt-out of this process and just mark them as departed.

### Smaller Changes \#\#\#

* Email composer now allows you to paste images into the editor and they will appear correctly in the sent email \(behind the scenes we upload the images to our infrastructure\).
* Smart lists now output the boat names \(a very requested feature\).
* Occupancy view on the Order page has been made tablet friendly \(larger buttons etc\).
* "Cog Dropdown" which is used across HA now becomes big when viewed on any mobile device to assist with usability on phones/tablets.
* Asset tiles have been re-factored to show Overstays and icons to summarise state of all Occupancies.
* Mooring search & Occupancy Calendar now allows you to filter by Occupancy Type. When you select "Availability" of _Occupied_ another dropdown appears allowing you to select which occupancy type to show.
* Reconciliation page is now more "printable".
* Legacy _DID NOT PAY_ button has been removed.
* Fullname merge field now intelligently handles scenarios where initials and firstname are completed; if both completed, uses firstname, if only one is filled in, uses that.
* Payment portal Paypal landing page now pre-completes address details to streamline ease of Credit Card payment capture for customer.

