
##v2018.1 - February##

New Month, new Release!  We've got a huge raft of enhancements to get to you this year; including our GDPR changes which you'll start to see in Feb/Mar.  Whilst the work on this is underway, we have some reporting improvements we wanted to get out to you asap.

## Drill-down reporting ##

We have been spending a bit of time trying to improve our reporting; we have always had a vision to make reporting more interactive, rather than just mindless grids.  Our first foray into this is to provide a couple of "Drill down" reports, which will allow easy drilling into details for Sales/Tariffs and Payments.

Drill down reports will have a "plus" icon against important columns and rows, which allow you to drill-down into the figures to see what they are made up of.  These are highlighted with the "New" icon.

**Sales Drill-down**

- Drill down into specific nominal codes and tariffs and year, month, days.
- Filterable by site, date and whether to include credit notes into the figures.

**Payments Drill-down**

- Drill-down into payment method and who performed the payment, year, month, day.
- Filterable as per Sales Drill-down.

## Login Attempt logging ##
We are now storing Login Attempts (both successful and unsuccessful), this improves auditing and allows full transparency of who logged in & when.  This will also allow us to implement more in-depth threat detection in the coming months.

This can be seen in 2 places depending whether you're looking at a Harbour Assist User or a Customer:

- *Customer:* Visible on their Account page under the status showing whether they have registered on the Portal.
- *User:* Visible as a button at the top of their User Admin page.

Both can be sorted by any column.






