# v2018.3 - Oct\#\#

A notification-release to inform you of some of the features which have been released over the last few weeks & months.

* You can now search for Accounts via their **email address**.
* Email Dupe warning; when creating a new Account, if the email address is already on the database, you are warned and can navigate to the existing Account.
* Several new Tariff calculation types, including Boat Footprint, Boat Footprint Per Night \(NB: Boat Footprint = Length x Beam\), Draft, LOA x Draft.
* Tariff "Sorting" now supported - you can drag Tariffs up and down via the right-hand column in the Tariff List admin page.  The sorting is honoured when you are choosing Tariffs when composing an Order.
* Order Type "Sorting" now supported - you can drag Order Types up and down via the right-hand column in the Order Type List admin page.  The sorting is honoured when you create a new Order.
* Archived boats clearly displayed in search results.
* While composing emails, the content now Auto-saves every 20 seconds.  This removes the risk of your session timing-out in the middle of a monster email and you losing your work.
* Adding/removing boat relationships are now logged against the Account and the Boat history for future reference.
* Lead form \(which customers embed on website\) updated to use Google invisible recaptcha to improve customer experience.
* Imperial/Metric support implemented.
* Licence-holder info now visible on Order Asset tiles.
* Tariff List page now has the option to show/hide pricebooks.
* Extended Account Orders tab to include more context for Refunds and Credits - shows which Order was refunded etc.  This info appears as purple text under the 'Type' and 'Payment Method' columns. 
* Pagination buttons added to the bottom of Occupancy Calendar and Asset List; saves scrolling back to the top.

## Reporting \#

* New "Deferred Revenue Drilldown" report which uses "Months to Defer" field against each Tariff, which controls how many months over which deferred revenue is calculated.
* New "Compliance" report section \(under Financial\).
* New "Document Expiry" report allowing users to see and manage expired/upcoming expirations for each Document Type.
* New "Asset Releases" report showing all Occupancy Releases during a specific time period, with the amount of revenue collected during the release.

