# 2019.1

## v2019.1 - Jan\#\#

A large release, with a completely rebuilt customer portal and a raft of Task improvements.

## Feature 'Hints' \#\#

As we release / update features, we now show you the changes by friendly popups that give you more information. These can be dismissed and then revisited by clicking on the "i" icon at the top of the page.

## New “History View” for Orders Tab \#\#

This shows a chronological list of transactions \(Orders, Payments and Credits\) against the Account, along with a running balance. We have added the following capabilities to this view:

* Filter transactions by:
  * Unpaid Orders Only
  * Payments Only
  * Credits Only
  * Orders Only
  * Unallocated Payments
  * Confirmed Transactions Only.
* Ability to Download to Excel

The "Classic" View will remain in place, but we expect most users to migrate to the new view. Once you’ve selected which view you’d like to use, the system will remember this and use until you change your mind.

## Occupancy Auto-Depart \#\#

You can now tell specific Occupancy Types to **Auto-Depart**. These will be marked as Departed when they are due to depart, rather than relying on users manually Departing them. You can also specify what time in the day this departure takes place. For example, you can specify Visitor Occupancies to Auto-Depart at 11am. This can be set up within Administration&gt;Occupancy Types by users with the appropriate permissions.

## Team Improvements \#\#

* Users can now belong to more than one team.
* Teams can be added, removed and administered. This can be set up within Administration&gt;Users and Administration&gt;Teams by users with the appropriate permissions.

## Task Improvements \#\#

* Tasks can now be assigned to a Team as well as a User at the same time; this allows managers to see all their Teams' tasks, and who is actioning them.
* "Task List" Page has been rebuilt to give more visiblity to the calendar, with the Filtering tools re-built and moved to an expandable area.
* Tasks widget in the page header has been rebuilt to give more visibility of upcoming tasks on a day-by-day basis.
* **Asset faults are now integrated with Tasks**, in a similar manner to how they are with Inspections.
* Task Types can now be edited and administered by Administrators \(Administration &gt; Task Types\), and the following can be defined for each one:
  * Default descriptions; these can form a template for information that need to be created.
  * Default Due Date rules – you can specify how many hours, days, weeks, months in the future a Task is Due by default for each Type.
  * Default Duration – you can specify how long a Task’s duration is by default.
* Task “Watching” has been improved so you can opt which events you are notified of \(Reassignment, Rescheduling, Changes, Note Added, Becomes Overdue\).  
* Task Notifications can be sent by Email, SMS or via Desktop notification.
* Users can configure whether they want to “watch” Tasks of certain Types/for certain Sites by default.  For example they can say if they want to be Emailed every time an Asset inspection becomes Overdue. You can set this up within Your Profile which is found in the User Name drop down.

## Portal Rebuild \#\#

The Customer portal has been rebuilt from the ground up to offer:

* Quicker performance built on future-proof technology.
* Improved mobile device support
* Architected so we can add more features easily.

## New Payment Gateway - Paysafe \#\#

In addition to supporting PayPal, the new portal supports **PaySafe**, which is a payment-gateway that offers a number of advanced features not supported by PayPal:

* Portal checkout is seamless; no more re-directing to PayPal.
* Customers can opt to “Save Card Details” in their secure Vault.  These cards can then be used for future payments without re-typing card details.

PaySafe offers lots of further features which we're looking forward to rolling out as soon as we can; including automated draw-down, over the phone integrated payments, and a card-holder-present solution.

## Independently Security Verified \#\#

To give our customers confidence in our security credentials, we have commissioned and passed a comprehensive independent penetration test of both Harbour Assist and the portal. We have also comissioned annual Automated Vulnerability Scannning.

## Other changes \#\#

* We track the last 20 Accounts you have viewed, so you can quickly go back to an Account without re-searching.  The button to show this is by the "Home" button.
* "Notes widget" has been rebuilt and improved.  It now includes searching capabilty.  This has been moved from the Account page onto it's own tab.
* Boat "Sold" Status has been removed.
* Added "Pay Now" Action against each Order on the Account Orders tab, so you can go straight to payment page without having to navigate to the Order Page.
* Added the ability to edit certain details against the payment.
* New "Allocation" button against Payments so you can see which Order\(s\) it is allocated to.

