# 2020.1

### v2020.1 - January \#\#

## Instalments Support \#

One of our most requested features is the ability for customers to be able to pay for their berthing/service charges across the year. We have finally built this, and it allows the creation of both standard Instalments based on strict rules, and custom schedules with different percentage breakdowns.

We have broken-down instalments into the following elements:

* **Instalment Plans** - Pre-built templates of month / percentage combinations.
* **Instalment Schedules** - Create bespoke instalment plans for customers who sign-up half-way through the year.
* **Payment Drawdown** - Ability to take the instalments in a \[growing\] number of ways.  At this point we support Direct Debit and Bulk-invoiced.

?&gt; More documentation [here](http://docs.harbourassist.com/#/Instalments/Overview).

### Expansion of Financial Tools Page

As we have added new capability such as _Financial Lock Date_ \(see below\), we have created a new Financial tools home-page. Reconciliation and Finance Exports have their own buttons as well as the new Instalment management tools.

### Financial Lock Date

With more customers using tools to export data to accounting systems, we now allow administrators to set the Financial Lock date, so no transactions can be back-dated into a zone which has already been reported-on or exported.

### Batch Electricity reading invoicing

We have extended the Batch engine to allow the "Drawing down" of any unread Meter readings. These are added to any other tariffs that are being invoiced for, so can be done seamlessly either on their own, or as part of your renewal run.

### Note Editing / Deleting.

You can now edit/delete Notes against any record.

?&gt; This requires the permission _NoteEditOrDelete_.

### Smaller Changes

**Cross-Site Orders** - Historically, the Sales value associated with an Order was attributed to the Account's Site. This caused accounting issues for our multi-site customers who have customers who visit other Sites. Now when an Order is raised by a User who's _Home Site_ is different to the Account's site, can choose which Site to use, and all Revenue is attributed to the chosen Site.

?&gt; Only applicable for multi-site customers.

**Negative value Orders** - We discovered that some customers were raising orders with negative values rather than Credit Notes, which was causing reporting problems. We have blocked this capability.

**New \[FinancialOverrideGrossUnitPrice\] Permission** - Now you can stop certain users overriding a Tariff's cost.

#### Reporting

?&gt; Report categorisations have been tidied up as part of this release, so you may need to look in a different box to find the report you're after.

**Export to Raw Excel** - The reporting engine's desire to make Excel downloads look just like the screen looks great, but it can cause formatting problems for those that just want the data. We have added a new Export option of "Raw Excel" which outputs the raw data that is used to compile the report. Things to note:

* Each DataSource is output onto a different Excel sheet.  A Report can be made up of multiple sources, but we try to add the "most important" one to the first sheet.
* For some reports the level of detail output is much greater than the data visible on screen within the report.  You'll find this specifically in drilldown reports.

**Sales Value by Region**- You can now report on how much revenue is generated by different Regions/Areas within each of your sites.

**Tasks Browser** - Report to navigate and print list of tasks by Team, Task Type etc.

**Cross-Site Orders** - Report to track Orders raised for different Sites to the main Account.

**Unsuccessful Payments** - Easier way of finding Payments which for whatever reason are marked as _Incomplete_ or _Declined_.

