# v2021.1 \#

## Happy new year! \#\#

We've got a huge year planned when it comes to features for 2021; we're putting the finishing touches to re-building Smart Lists from the ground up, giving you access to query other record types, as well as building a workflow engine for you to automate day-to-day processes.

These aren't quite ready for prime-time yet though, so we thought we'd start the year off by getting some "small but useful" enhancements out to you so you don't have to wait.

## Enhancements

* When searching from the homepage by an Order ID, we used to take you to the Account page and you had to then manually hunt down the Order; **you are now taken to the Order directly**.  We've wanted to do this for some time but there were some architectural changes needed.
* We've updated many of the icons to dual-tone.  More of this to come.
* Ever accidentally closed a Task and had to re-create from scratch? You can now re-open Tasks. 
* Tasks can now be cloned.
* Previously, when composing an Order, if the Account didn't have a Boat \(or the Boat isn't listed\), you had to leave the Order page, go to the Account Page, click on the Boat Tab and add a new boat, before going back to the Order.  There is now an option from the Boat drop-down \(against the Occupancy\) to add a new one, which is automatically chosen.
* Estimates tab on the Account now shows the number of live \(non-expired, non-converted\) Estimates.
* Document Library "Static Documents" can now be downloaded from the Account page; this makes things easier if you need to print off a doc while the customer is in front of you and you are viewing their Account page.
* When converting an Estimate to an Order on a Lead, you are prompted to select the Account Type to convert the Lead to an Account.
* When viewing an Asset you can now see the Occupancy history for it.
* The Site Logo can now be merged into email communications and Templates.
* Payment details page now has a "History" tab and all record modifications are tracked; you can see who changed status/reference numbers etc.
* Map popup now shows any Releases associated with any of the Occupancies shown.
* Harbour Assist API is now live in it's first iteration \(for a layman's description of what an API is, click [here](https://learn.g2.com/api)\).

## Reporting Enhancements

* Sales Summary by Tariff - _now supports drill-through_ - click on a Tariff name and you can see all the Orders that make up the summary figure.
* New "Estimates" report
* New "Boat Check" report
* New "Occupancies" report - shows all occupancies that span or are within a date range.
* New Inspection reports:
  * Summary - detailing when last and next inspection dates for a given asset & whether overdue.
  * Job Sheets - designed for printing out - allows inspections to be carried out manually with a QR code to allow easy capture in HA once complete.

## Smaller Changes

* On the Asset List page, the page you are on is remembered when you navigate off the page, so you are back where you were rather than back on page 1.
* Changes to a Boat's dimensions appear against the Boat's "History".
* When archiving a Boat, we alert the user if they are on any waiting lists.
* Payment Allocation page now shows the Status of each Order so you can make an informed decision on whether to allocate to Confirmed vs Draft.
* Account undelete now allows searching by last name rather than just having to blindly page through records.

